esp32s3-sgp40-hdc1080-mqttthing/README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/USEFUL%20ELECTRONICS-YOUTUBE-red)](https://www.youtube.com/user/wardzx1)

# Sponsors

![Banner](https://github.com/UsefulElectronics/esp32s3-2.1inch-lvgl/blob/main/banner/logo%20-%20white2.png)

Discover Easy, Affordable, and Reliable PCB manufacturing with JLCPCB! Register to get $60 New customer coupons: https://jlcpcb.com/?from=ues

# ESP32 Air Quality Sensor Home Bridge
***
### [Tutorial Link](https://youtu.be/J5-5pCDtE0o) On [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/wardzx1) 

In this tutorial, we build a complete indoor environment monitoring device by interfacing the HDC1080 temperature and humidity sensor alongside the SGP40 air quality senso

we’ll alos take the process of building an environmental monitoring device to the next level by making its data accessible on the Apple Home app.

We'll start by setting up an ESP32-S3-based air quality sensor device, which we previously programmed, to publish data over MQTT.

Next, we'll configure Homebridge to retrieve this data using the MQTTthing extension, allowing the Apple Home app to display the sensor readings on your iPhone.

Additionally, we’ll update the screen UI in Square Line Studio to show the Wi-Fi and broker connection status 

![Circuit Diagram](https://github.com/UsefulElectronics/esp32s3-lilygo-thmi-st7789/blob/main/pictures/AIR%20QUALITY%20SENSOR%20GUI%20MQTT.png)
***

Commit message:

Added full project link to the readme esp32s3-sgp40-hdc1080-mqttthing

esp32s3-sgp40-hdc1080-mqttthing/README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/USEFUL%20ELECTRONICS-YOUTUBE-red)](https://www.youtube.com/user/wardzx1)

# Sponsors

![Banner](https://github.com/UsefulElectronics/esp32s3-2.1inch-lvgl/blob/main/banner/logo%20-%20white2.png)

Discover Easy, Affordable, and Reliable PCB manufacturing with JLCPCB! Register to get $60 New customer coupons: https://jlcpcb.com/?from=ues

# ESP32 Air Quality Sensor Home Bridge
***
### [Tutorial Link](https://youtu.be/J5-5pCDtE0o) On [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/wardzx1) 

In this tutorial, we build a complete indoor environment monitoring device by interfacing the HDC1080 temperature and humidity sensor alongside the SGP40 air quality senso

we’ll alos take the process of building an environmental monitoring device to the next level by making its data accessible on the Apple Home app.

We'll start by setting up an ESP32-S3-based air quality sensor device, which we previously programmed, to publish data over MQTT.

Next, we'll configure Homebridge to retrieve this data using the MQTTthing extension, allowing the Apple Home app to display the sensor readings on your iPhone.

Additionally, we’ll update the screen UI in Square Line Studio to show the Wi-Fi and broker connection status.

Find full project repository here:
https://github.com/UsefulElectronics/esp32s3-lilygo-thmi-st7789

![Circuit Diagram](https://github.com/UsefulElectronics/esp32s3-lilygo-thmi-st7789/blob/main/pictures/AIR%20QUALITY%20SENSOR%20GUI%20MQTT.png)
***
